#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   sphinx
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-tincan-py35
asgiref==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.11.5
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
babel==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   sphinx
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
bleach[css]==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   readme-renderer
celery==5.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
coverage[toml]==6.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==37.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework-xml
diff-cover==6.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
dill==0.3.4
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.4
    # via virtualenv
django==3.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-rbac
    #   jsonfield
django-cache-memoize==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-config-models==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-countries==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
django-fernet-fields==0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-filter==21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-ipware==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rbac
django-multi-email-field==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-object-actions==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
doc8==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.txt
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-django-utils==4.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rbac
edx-i18n-tools==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
edx-lint==5.2.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rbac==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-sphinx-theme==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.txt
edx-tincan-py35==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
faker==13.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.6.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==0.3.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwkest
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   sphinx
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   diff-cover
    #   sphinx
jsondiff==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.7.1
    # via astroid
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mock==3.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==7.10.0.175
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
path==16.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pbr==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pillow==9.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pip-tools==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pkginfo==1.8.2
    # via twine
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.1.1
    # via edx-i18n-tools
prompt-toolkit==3.0.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pydocstyle==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   sphinx
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
pylint==2.13.8
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.7
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyparsing==3.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   packaging
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-slugify==6.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   edx-tincan-py35
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-i18n-tools
readme-renderer==35.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.txt
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   slumber
    #   sphinx
    #   tableauserverclient
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via twine
responses==0.10.15
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   doc8
rules==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
semantic-version==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
    #   freezegun
    #   mock
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   responses
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   pydocstyle
    #   sphinx
sphinx==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   doc8
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tableauserverclient==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
testfixtures==6.18.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pep517
    #   pylint
tox==3.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   tox-battery
tox-battery==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via twine
twine==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
    #   django-countries
    #   pylint
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.14.1
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-master.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pip-tools
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via astroid
zipp==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
